Add `generate_bls_to_execution_change` (#313)
ethereum/staking-deposit-cli: README.md

Your keys can be found at: <YOUR_FOLDER_PATH>
```

###### `generate-bls-to-execution-change` Arguments 

> You can use `bls-to-execution-change --help` to see all arguments. Note that if there are missing arguments that the CLI needs, it will ask you for them.

Reviewer: If you try to run the `bls-to-execution-change` subcommand with `--help` it will actually skip the help menu and drop right into interactive mode:
```
user@laptop:~/repos/staking-deposit-cli$ python3 ./staking_deposit/deposit.py generate-bls-to-execution-change --help

***Using the tool on an offline and secure device is highly recommended to keep your mnemonic safe.***

Please choose your language ['1. العربية', '2. ελληνικά', '3. English', '4. Français', '5. Bahasa melayu', '6. Italiano', '7. 日本語', '8. 한국어', '9. Português do Brasil', '10. român', '11. Türkçe', '12. 简体中文']:  [English]: 
```

Your keys can be found at: <YOUR_FOLDER_PATH>
```

###### `generate-bls-to-execution-change` Arguments 

You can use `bls-to-execution-change --help` to see all arguments. Note that if there are missing arguments that the CLI needs, it will ask you for them.

| Argument | Type | Description |
| -------- | -------- | -------- |
| `--bls_to_execution_changes_folder` | String. Pointing to `./bls_to_execution_changes` by default | The folder path for the `bls_to_execution_change-*` JSON file(s) |
| `--chain` | String. `mainnet` by default | The chain setting for the signing domain. |
| `--mnemonic` | String. mnemonic split by space.  | The mnemonic you used to create withdrawal credentials. |
| `--mnemonic_password` | Optional string. Empty by default. | The mnemonic password you used in your key generation. Note: It's not the keystore password. |

> | `--validator_start_index` | Non-negative integer | The index of the first validator's keys you generated withdrawal credentials with the mnemonic. |

Reviewer 2: "The index of the first validator's keys..." does this mean I cannot start at a random index?
Example: I want to change/set the eth1 address for only one validator with the index 50.
Could I just do  --validator_start_index 50 --validator_indices some_beacon_index_of_that_val ?
Do I really need to start with the first validator I created?

Reviewer 2: This would also imply that I have to do everything in one go?
What if I wanted to have two different withdrawal addresses?
Example: 

- index 0-50 withdrawal_address_1 and 
- index 51-100 withdrawal_address_2
How could I do this then if it always expects the index 0? 
On another note, I didn't see a validation requiring this field to be a 0, thus it might work with a non-0 integer?

> | `--validator_start_index` | Non-negative integer | The index of the first validator's keys you generated withdrawal credentials with the mnemonic. |

Author: It is indeed too complicated to explain the ERC-2334 in one sentence. 😭

I feel "From your mnemonic" might sound like the word index of a mnemonic. How about "The index position for the keys to start generating withdrawal credentials in ERC-2334 format"?

> | `--validator_start_index` | Non-negative integer | The index of the first validator's keys you generated withdrawal credentials with the mnemonic. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `--validator_start_index` | Non-negative integer | The index position for the keys to start generating withdrawal credentials in ERC-2334 format. |
```
